		    An index of the xdm directory
			     7-Apr-1995

The MIT X11 distributions (both Release 4 and 5) include the program
"xdm" which provides a login screen for machines that run an X server
on the console instead of the traditional getty login process.

Many people have made modifications to the Release 5 xdm sources to
make it fit into an AFS environment.  Before checking the supplied
user-id and password against the local password file, the modified xdm
tries to obtain authentication with AFS.  If successful, a PAG is
created containing AFS tokens for the user.  If unsuccessful, the
normal Unix password checking is tried and only an empty PAG is
created.

While Transarc provides a modified version of /bin/login, we are not
able to supply a supported xdm program.  Instead, we've collected
several versions of customer-contributed modifications and made them
available in this directory.  Again, Transarc is unable to provide
support for these sources.  The only documentation provided is this
file along with whatever README files were provided by the
contributors.

Only sources have been provided by the contributors.  In order to
compile these sources, you will need the rest of the X11R5
environment.

Since I will not be tracking the development efforts of those involved
with these modifications, more recent copies of these sources may be
available from the original locations.  This snapshot was taken on
30-Apr-1993 with updates made to the Cornell and RPI directories on
7-Apr-1995.

The various subdirectories that are available are described below.

Joseph Jackson
AFS Product Support
Transarc Corporation
____________________________________________________________________

Orig/
    The original X11R5 sources, unpacked from the DEC Freeware CD-ROM

Cornell/
    Placed in the AFS-Contrib area on 2-Mar-1993 by:
	Daniel E. Svitavsky
	Materials Science Center
	Cornell University
	Ithaca, New York, USA
	savage@msc.cornell.edu

    Notes are included on exactly how to start it
    The utility "xwrap" is included to facilitate usage under AIX

    The code is based on the RPI changes (described in the next section),
    however not all the non-AFS RPI changes are included.

RPI/
    Announced via Info-AFS on 9-Feb-1993 by:
	Scanner (E. Luce)
	ITS Network Systems Engineer
	Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
	Troy, New York, USA
	scanner@rpi.edu

    Copied from /afs/rpi.edu/campus/session/xdm/2.0/distrib/src
    Used at RPI on AIX 3.2 and possibly SunOS machines.

    Changes for AFS include:
    Calls ka_UserAuthenticateGeneral to obtain a token
    Handles the fact that PAGS are recorded as the first two groups
    Has Kerberos ticket file handling (and uses krb versions of AFS libs)

    Non-AFS changes include:
    Uses the standard syslog facility to record errors
    Does something with a "message" and "additional message" field
    Places core dumps in either / or /tmp, depending on a debug option
    Minor additions to choose.c and dm.c to track down xdm errors
    Additional error handling in session.c, socket.c, and streams.c

    NB. A newer version is available at 
	/afs/rpi.edu/campus/session/xdm/2.1/distrib/src

BSC/
    Announced via Info-AFS on 23-Feb-1993 by:
	Robert MacKinnon
	Unix Support
	Bergen Environmental Sciences and Solution Centre
	Bergen, Norway
	robmack@bsc.no
	47-5-544618

    FTP'ed from ftp.bsc.no:/pub/Src/x11r5/mit/clients/xdm

    This port doesn't handle the group issue and seems to be less
    thorough than the RPI and Cornell ports.  The README.AFS says:
	"Correct for AIX 3.2 (and RENO BSD) as it repairs for the
	 change in AIX 3.2 from AIX 3.1 for BSD 4.4 networking"
